 1.To choose any option in any menu, enter the corresponding number at the pr-
 ompt. Here is a description of all the menu options.

 Main Menu: 
  PLAY: Used to enter the profile number, choose a topic and start the quiz.
  PROFILES: Used to create a new profile, modify a profile and to view all 
  existing profiles.
  POINTS HISTORY: This will display the top 10 scores along with the correspo-
  nding profile names.
  INSTRUCTIONS: This is where you are right now.
  EXIT: Used to close the application.

 Profiles Menu:
  ADD: Used to create a new profile. You will be given a profile number after
//blank
  you enter your name. You can create a maximum of 10 profiles.
  MODIFY: Used to change the name of any existing profile.
  VIEW ALL: Displays all existing profiles and their numbers.
  BACK: To go back to the main menu.

 2.Before you start the quiz, you must first create a profile. This can be do-
 ne by choosing the ADD option under PROFILES.

 3.After you choose PLAY, you must enter your profile number and choose your 
 topic (1 for Sports and 2 for GK) to start the quiz.
 
 4.Once the quiz loads, you will see a screen with the question, options, ava-
 ilable lifelines, the value of the question, current total and a prompt aski-
 ng you for input.
 
 5.If you want to answer the question, enter the option number (1, 2, 3 or 4) 
 of your answer at the prompt.

 6.When you are not sure of your answer, you can use the available lifelines.
 Each lifeline can be used only once during each quiz and only 1 lifeline can
 be used per question.

  Clueless!: This will give you a clue to the question. It is available only
  for some questions. Value of the question reduces to 7.5.

  Eliminate: This will remove any 2 wrong options. Value of the question redu-
  ces to 5.

  Swap: This will give a new question. Value of the question reduces to 7.5.

 7.If you want to use an available lifeline, enter the corresponding code 
 (10 for Clueless!, 11 for Eliminate and 12 for Swap).

 8.If you answer correctly without using a lifeline, you get 10 points.

 9.If a lifeline has been used, you get the corresponding points.

10. If you answer incorrectly, you get no points.
 
11. After the 10 questions have been answered, your total score is displayed,
  along with the lifelines that were used and the number of questions you had 
  answered correctly.
